 pt was restarted on diuresis to help mobilize fluid .
 the large lower pole of the om1 was totally occluded by thrombus .
 she was intubated and was resuscitated after 10 - 22 minutes of pea arrest .
 he was closely followed by id , pulmonary , and ep .
 the patient was monitored on continous telemtry throughout his stay without any clearly contributable cardiac arrhythmias .
 on 7 - 13 he was noted with increasing lfts and lipase ; mrcp was performed which showed worsening pancreatic necrosis and edema as well as worsening hemorrhagic collections around the pancreas ( at this time he was coagulopathic with an inr of ~ 6 ) .
 no vitamin k was given secondary to the patient ' s anticoagulation needs .
 ct chest showed likely multifocal pneumonia which was possible due to aspiration .
 # aml : the patient was diagnosed with aml on bmb , and has tolerated 7 + 3 therapy without complaint .
 in ed , found to be in 1st degree heart block with lbbb .
 ob / gyn had also been consulted , and performed a bedside ultrasound .
 he was extubated within 2 hours of arrival to cvicu with pain control an issue post operatively .
 on 9 - 28 the patient again began to complain of abdominal pain , diffuse in nature , constant and sharp in nature , rated 9 - 8 .
 htn thought to be secondary to chronic volume overload and significant vessel non - compliance .
 her acute cardiac issues had resolved and she was called out to the medicine service .
 she underwent cardiac catheterization and a angioplasty with stent placement of the circumflex artery on 2168 - 12 - 30 .
 she states her mother ' s mental status has been progressively declining since her discharge from the hospital on 1 - 22 .
 per patient , he took pepto - bismol 3 times earlier in the weeks for 3 days .
 lights , noise , and head movement exacerbate the discomfort , as does exertion ( eg coughing and sneezing ) .
 gi was called who stated that they would perform egd in am .
 overnight on 1 - 11 , patient reported severe headache that was relieved with iv dilaudid .
 he felt lightheaded and had a burning sensation in his chest prior to the shock .
 this was thought to be iatrogenic 1 - 15 stenting and possible jailing of the diagonal , so he was started on heparin drip and treated for stemi .
 as acs and pe were ruled out , bb , statin , heparin were discontinued .
 patient and his family have expressed an interest in getting his follow up care in nh , closer to home .
 pt is refusing intubation but according to her hcp she is a full code .
 a large volume of bloody fluid was removed from the abdomen , but active bleeding was not seen .
 after a one day stay in the ccu where she was diuresed and weaned of bipap to a 70 % facemask , she was transferred back to the floor on 10 - 30 .
 he had similar palpitations 6 months after his mi / cath in 2146 , that resolved spontaneously .
 a rectal tube was placed resulting in a large bowel movement and a decrease in his abdominal distention .
 responded well to esmolol drip in the icu with improvement in rate control to 80s .
 he was continued on asa and started on a statin .
 pt had flat jvp and warm extremities , no evidence of tamponade .
 this gi process would explain the elevated lactate and subsequent hypotension from septic shock , though the pattern is strange and does not coincide with an ischemic pattern or any particular disease process .
 her steroids were managed as outlined above in sections 1 and 2 .
 patients white count and fevers decreased and he was afebrile at discharge .
 # likely aspiration pneumonia vs pneumonitis : patient had a history of dysphagia and aspiration pneumonia presenting with mildly elevated wbc , low grade temperature and hypoxia .
 her sao2 responded to 6l fm and her breathing became more comfortable .
 foley d / c ' d , diet well tolerated and pain well controlled .
 according to ems , during entire transport , she was nonverbal and nonresponsive .
 azithromycin was stopped and levofloxacin was started on 1 - 28 and should be continued for 10 days .
 known lastname 28272 is a 63 year - old man with paf , pvd , hld , htn and osa with complaint of several months of exertional chest pain and dyspnea .
 he is scheduled for close follow - up for rfa for his recently diagnosed hcc .
 right hallux - - during the admission , after his acute issues had resolved , mr .
 an echo performed revealed mvp with severe mr . at the request of the family the pt is transferred to hospital3 .
 she is s / p icd placement with episodes of icd firing .
 lp performed 1 - 1 showed no evidence of infection .
 his trach was replaced in the ed , and he was subsequently discharged .
 ekg showed aflutter with ventricular rate in the 60s .
 patient was 92 % on ra when seen by ems and started on 2l nc .
 came to ed today because granddaughter called his cardiologist who recommended evaluation .
 vs prior to transfer 97 . 7 , pulse : 87 , rr : 16 ,
 58 yo f otherwise healthy p / w black tarry stools one day prior to admission .
 was given 2mg iv ativan and intubated for airway protection .
 cardiology had been consulted and pt started on slow amiodarone load and uptitration of nodal agents ; he persisted through this and was getting more hypotense to low 100 ' s , so was transferred to cardiology service where he was more aggressively loaded with amiodarone 400 tid for a total
 liver was consulted and performed emergent endoscopy for concern for variceal bleed .
 in the ed , he was aggressively treated with calcium gluconate , insulin , sodium bicaronate , and kayexelate .
 because of intermittent bradycardia , this was changed to a nicardipine drip while po captopril was started .
 known lastname 59201 was admitted to the hospital1 18 on 2118 - 9 - 13 for surgical management of his aortic valve disease .
 neurologically he has been doing well working with pt / ot and speech therapy at hospital3 .
 bystanders found him to be unresponsive / pulseless and initiated cpr for 10 minutes .
 pt admitted from ed with type b aortic dissection , uncontrolled hypertension and pain .
 po meds were held except midodrine which he was tolerating by end of icu stay .
 thoracentesis fluid cx was negative and effusions improved clinically with normal sats on ra on discharge .
 he was given a 2nd mg of atropine because his hr was still in the 50s ; and started on fentanyl gtt and versed for sedation .
 he was also started on gabapentin , titrated to 300mg tid .
 after recovering in the pacu , she was tranferred to the sicu and the ob team followed in her care .
 overnight , she c / o some mild l sided chest pain with no other symptoms .
 cardiology was consulted and determined that cath was not indicated at this time given recent gi bleed .
 she went to her pcp ' s office today who noted an inability to tolerate sips of water , a bp of 92 / 50 , hr of 105 , so she was sent to the ed for evaluation for possible dka .
 her complaints of r arm pain had improved as did the strength in her r arm .
 6 . htn - restarted lisinopril , bblocker once bp was stable .
 during the time in the ed , it was noted that her right neck appeared hospital1 2824 .
 patient admitted to hospital1 18 and underwent a cardiac cath which revealed lmca and 2 vessel disease .
 evaluated by vascular surgery in ed , who felt that his rle was non - threatened and no surgical intervention was required .
 fentanyl patch and morphine was restarted when his ms improved .
 before he got a chance to take his high - dose prednisone , he decided to come to the ed .
 this was complicated by r mainstem intubation revealed on cxr which was then pulled back intro trachea .
 arrived to the ed minimally responsive w / no evidence of trauma .
 # stage iii nsclc with brain mets : continued levetiracetam , dexamethasone , prn oxycodone .
 underwent urgent surgery . iv heparization began in the emergency roo .
 upon arrival to hospital1 18 in the ed the patient reported 3 - 25 chest pain and his ekg was notable for st depressions in v1 - v3 .
 tried iv amiodarone load , but without change from aflutter in 140s , discontinued amiodarone after the load and went back to metoprolol for rate control , with doses varying from 75 tid to 100 qid , with caution regarding bp ( mostly sbp 100 - 130 ) and concern for
 70 yo man with remote hx ugib , known diverticulosis who presented with brbpr at home and proceeded to have multiple episodes in - house with significant hct drop 1 ) lower gi bleed secondary to diverticulosis several episodes brbpr ( 7 - 9 ) on admission to the floor , noted to have hct
 in the micu a noncontrast ct spine was obtained and was concerning for new fracture above the level of instrumentation .
 pod # 0 - remained in pacu 2166 - 12 - 29 overnight for brief neo administration , volume resuscitation , 1u prbc , and observation .
 86yo m w / hx of scc s / p xrt who presents with shortness of breath , hypoxia and multifocal pna .
 after stabilizing in icu , off bipap and on doing well on ra he was sent to the medicine floor .
 she was transferred to hospital1 18 ed where ck > 200 , 000 and creatinine 3 . 0 with ua + blood , no rbcs , + muddy brown casts .
 extubated early the following morning in sr on indulin and neo drips .
 in the ed , the patient arrived tachypneic to the 40s , using her accessory muscles , and saturating in the 80s .
 by this time her or wound cultures from 2168 - 3 - 2 confirmed ' beta group a streptococcus ' and she continued on her course of ceftriaxone and clindamycin iv per id recommendations .
 gi : pt with hx of liver disease , hepatocellular carcinoma status post month / day ( 3 ) 54267 .
 known lastname 26890 was admitted to ed from clinic for increasing sob .
 she will need 3 more weeks of iv last name ( lf ) 112289 , first name3 ( lf ) follow - up with her primary care physician last name ( namepattern4 ) 2 weeks , then with pulmonolgy in about a month ( scheduling in process at time of discharge ) .
 she was diuresed aggressively for this , and will follow up with a cxr next week .
 # htn - elevated bp on admission , was given metoprolol in the ed without much effect , but also in setting of volume overload .
 he was kept npo , given iv fluids ; serial hematocrits and abdominal exams were followed closely .
 he was intubated at an outside hospital transferred to hospital1 18 ed .
 he eventually agreed to hd and tunnel cath placed by ir in r sc on 2171 - 4 - 4 .
