 pt was restarted on diuresis to help mobilize fluid .
 the large lower pole of the om1 was totally occluded by thrombus .
 she was intubated and was resuscitated after 10 - 22 minutes of pea arrest .
 he was closely followed by id , pulmonary , and ep .
 the patient was monitored on continous telemtry throughout his stay without any clearly contributable cardiac arrhythmias .
 on 7 - 13 he was noted with increasing lfts and lipase ; mrcp was performed which showed worsening pancreatic necrosis and edema as well as worsening hemorrhagic collections around the pancreas ( at this time he was coagulopathic with an inr of ~ 6 ) .
 no vitamin k was given secondary to the patient ' s anticoagulation needs .
 ct chest showed likely multifocal pneumonia which was possible due to aspiration .
 # aml : the patient was diagnosed with aml on bmb , and has tolerated 7 + 3 therapy without complaint .
 in ed , found to be in 1st degree heart block with lbbb .
 ob / gyn had also been consulted , and performed a bedside ultrasound .
 he was extubated within 2 hours of arrival to cvicu with pain control an issue post operatively .
 on 9 - 28 the patient again began to complain of abdominal pain , diffuse in nature , constant and sharp in nature , rated 9 - 8 .
 htn thought to be secondary to chronic volume overload and significant vessel non - compliance .
 her acute cardiac issues had resolved and she was called out to the medicine service .
 she underwent cardiac catheterization and a angioplasty with stent placement of the circumflex artery on 2168 - 12 - 30 .
 she states her mother ' s mental status has been progressively declining since her discharge from the hospital on 1 - 22 .
 per patient , he took pepto - bismol 3 times earlier in the weeks for 3 days .
 lights , noise , and head movement exacerbate the discomfort , as does exertion ( eg coughing and sneezing ) .
 gi was called who stated that they would perform egd in am .
 overnight on 1 - 11 , patient reported severe headache that was relieved with iv dilaudid .
 he felt lightheaded and had a burning sensation in his chest prior to the shock .
 this was thought to be iatrogenic 1 - 15 stenting and possible jailing of the diagonal , so he was started on heparin drip and treated for stemi .
 as acs and pe were ruled out , bb , statin , heparin were discontinued .
 patient and his family have expressed an interest in getting his follow up care in nh , closer to home .
 pt is refusing intubation but according to her hcp she is a full code .
 a large volume of bloody fluid was removed from the abdomen , but active bleeding was not seen .
 after a one day stay in the ccu where she was diuresed and weaned of bipap to a 70 % facemask , she was transferred back to the floor on 10 - 30 .
 he had similar palpitations 6 months after his mi / cath in 2146 , that resolved spontaneously .
 a rectal tube was placed resulting in a large bowel movement and a decrease in his abdominal distention .
 responded well to esmolol drip in the icu with improvement in rate control to 80s .
 he was continued on asa and started on a statin .
 pt had flat jvp and warm extremities , no evidence of tamponade .
 this gi process would explain the elevated lactate and subsequent hypotension from septic shock , though the pattern is strange and does not coincide with an ischemic pattern or any particular disease process .
 her steroids were managed as outlined above in sections 1 and 2 .
 patients white count and fevers decreased and he was afebrile at discharge .
 # likely aspiration pneumonia vs pneumonitis : patient had a history of dysphagia and aspiration pneumonia presenting with mildly elevated wbc , low grade temperature and hypoxia .
 her sao2 responded to 6l fm and her breathing became more comfortable .
 foley d / c ' d , diet well tolerated and pain well controlled .
 according to ems , during entire transport , she was nonverbal and nonresponsive .
 azithromycin was stopped and levofloxacin was started on 1 - 28 and should be continued for 10 days .
 known lastname 28272 is a 63 year - old man with paf , pvd , hld , htn and osa with complaint of several months of exertional chest pain and dyspnea .
 he is scheduled for close follow - up for rfa for his recently diagnosed hcc .
 right hallux - - during the admission , after his acute issues had resolved , mr .
 an echo performed revealed mvp with severe mr . at the request of the family the pt is transferred to hospital3 .
 she is s / p icd placement with episodes of icd firing .
 lp performed 1 - 1 showed no evidence of infection .
 his trach was replaced in the ed , and he was subsequently discharged .
 ekg showed aflutter with ventricular rate in the 60s .
 patient was 92 % on ra when seen by ems and started on 2l nc .
 came to ed today because granddaughter called his cardiologist who recommended evaluation .
 vs prior to transfer 97 . 7 , pulse : 87 , rr : 16 ,
 58 yo f otherwise healthy p / w black tarry stools one day prior to admission .
 was given 2mg iv ativan and intubated for airway protection .
 cardiology had been consulted and pt started on slow amiodarone load and uptitration of nodal agents ; he persisted through this and was getting more hypotense to low 100 ' s , so was transferred to cardiology service where he was more aggressively loaded with amiodarone 400 tid for a total
 liver was consulted and performed emergent endoscopy for concern for variceal bleed .
 in the ed , he was aggressively treated with calcium gluconate , insulin , sodium bicaronate , and kayexelate .
 because of intermittent bradycardia , this was changed to a nicardipine drip while po captopril was started .
 known lastname 59201 was admitted to the hospital1 18 on 2118 - 9 - 13 for surgical management of his aortic valve disease .
 neurologically he has been doing well working with pt / ot and speech therapy at hospital3 .
 bystanders found him to be unresponsive / pulseless and initiated cpr for 10 minutes .
 pt admitted from ed with type b aortic dissection , uncontrolled hypertension and pain .
 po meds were held except midodrine which he was tolerating by end of icu stay .
 thoracentesis fluid cx was negative and effusions improved clinically with normal sats on ra on discharge .
 he was given a 2nd mg of atropine because his hr was still in the 50s ; and started on fentanyl gtt and versed for sedation .
 he was also started on gabapentin , titrated to 300mg tid .
 after recovering in the pacu , she was tranferred to the sicu and the ob team followed in her care .
 overnight , she c / o some mild l sided chest pain with no other symptoms .
 cardiology was consulted and determined that cath was not indicated at this time given recent gi bleed .
 she went to her pcp ' s office today who noted an inability to tolerate sips of water , a bp of 92 / 50 , hr of 105 , so she was sent to the ed for evaluation for possible dka .
 her complaints of r arm pain had improved as did the strength in her r arm .
 6 . htn - restarted lisinopril , bblocker once bp was stable .
 during the time in the ed , it was noted that her right neck appeared hospital1 2824 .
 patient admitted to hospital1 18 and underwent a cardiac cath which revealed lmca and 2 vessel disease .
 evaluated by vascular surgery in ed , who felt that his rle was non - threatened and no surgical intervention was required .
 fentanyl patch and morphine was restarted when his ms improved .
 before he got a chance to take his high - dose prednisone , he decided to come to the ed .
 this was complicated by r mainstem intubation revealed on cxr which was then pulled back intro trachea .
 arrived to the ed minimally responsive w / no evidence of trauma .
 # stage iii nsclc with brain mets : continued levetiracetam , dexamethasone , prn oxycodone .
 underwent urgent surgery . iv heparization began in the emergency roo .
 upon arrival to hospital1 18 in the ed the patient reported 3 - 25 chest pain and his ekg was notable for st depressions in v1 - v3 .
 tried iv amiodarone load , but without change from aflutter in 140s , discontinued amiodarone after the load and went back to metoprolol for rate control , with doses varying from 75 tid to 100 qid , with caution regarding bp ( mostly sbp 100 - 130 ) and concern for
 70 yo man with remote hx ugib , known diverticulosis who presented with brbpr at home and proceeded to have multiple episodes in - house with significant hct drop 1 ) lower gi bleed secondary to diverticulosis several episodes brbpr ( 7 - 9 ) on admission to the floor , noted to have hct
 in the micu a noncontrast ct spine was obtained and was concerning for new fracture above the level of instrumentation .
 pod # 0 - remained in pacu 2166 - 12 - 29 overnight for brief neo administration , volume resuscitation , 1u prbc , and observation .
 86yo m w / hx of scc s / p xrt who presents with shortness of breath , hypoxia and multifocal pna .
 after stabilizing in icu , off bipap and on doing well on ra he was sent to the medicine floor .
 she was transferred to hospital1 18 ed where ck > 200 , 000 and creatinine 3 . 0 with ua + blood , no rbcs , + muddy brown casts .
 extubated early the following morning in sr on indulin and neo drips .
 in the ed , the patient arrived tachypneic to the 40s , using her accessory muscles , and saturating in the 80s .
 by this time her or wound cultures from 2168 - 3 - 2 confirmed ' beta group a streptococcus ' and she continued on her course of ceftriaxone and clindamycin iv per id recommendations .
 gi : pt with hx of liver disease , hepatocellular carcinoma status post month / day ( 3 ) 54267 .
 known lastname 26890 was admitted to ed from clinic for increasing sob .
 she will need 3 more weeks of iv last name ( lf ) 112289 , first name3 ( lf ) follow - up with her primary care physician last name ( namepattern4 ) 2 weeks , then with pulmonolgy in about a month ( scheduling in process at time of discharge ) .
 she was diuresed aggressively for this , and will follow up with a cxr next week .
 # htn - elevated bp on admission , was given metoprolol in the ed without much effect , but also in setting of volume overload .
 he was kept npo , given iv fluids ; serial hematocrits and abdominal exams were followed closely .
 he was intubated at an outside hospital transferred to hospital1 18 ed .
 he eventually agreed to hd and tunnel cath placed by ir in r sc on 2171 - 4 - 4 .
 apparently , the pt checked this online and self - referred to the ed .
 pt recommended he have acute pt as an outpatient .
 on arrival to the ed , vs 99 . 8 140 136 / 60 26 96 % , fs : 93 .
 her lasix dose was increased and on 8 - 13 , her cxr showed a decreased l effuision .
 bp remained stable for the rest of her hospitalization .
 with aggressive pulmonary toilet , nebs , chest pt his oxygen requirements improved on 3l nasal cannula with oxygen saturations of 96 - 98 % .
 per brief discussion with hcp name ( ni ) 4457 , pt is an avid musician and plays the trumpet .
 she was started on vancomycin and meropenem and agressively volume resuscitated with ns ivf .
 61 y / o m with past multiple myeloma treated with chemo and xrt , multiple hospital admissions for pneumonia in recent months , now admitted on 7 - 5 for lower extremity paralysis related to spinal cord involvement , c / b upper extremity dvt , and newly found lung nodules concerning for malignancy , now s / p biopsy .
 # stemi she had initially presented to the ed with chest pains and was observed overnight .
 per id will plan to treat mssa bacteremia / abscesses with iv daptomycin to total of 6 - 8wk course .
 she was seen and evaluated by physical therapy and occupational therapy who felt that she was stable to go home with pt / ot services .
 sleep apnea - the patient reported having a previous diagnosis of osa , for which she has been on bipap in the past .
 he was transferred to hospital1 18 location 86 cath lab where he was found to have 90 % hazy lad lesion successfully stented with bare metal stent .
 transplant surgery consulted in ed , plan for intervention in am .
 she was seen by pt once tlso brace arrived and rehab was recommended .
 cta head was performed which showed sah and l mca aneurysm .
 gave fluid bolluses to maintained bp , but eventulally ussed pressors to continue to support bp .
 her coumadin was held , but her inr did not adequately come down likely secondary to dietary vitamin k deficiency so she received additional po vitamin k with good response of her inr .
 transferred to floor , then after id consult , decision was made to d / c levaquin as well , with plan of 7d of vanco after her central line d / c ' d .
 on admission to the micu , vitals were : 97 . 8 , 68 , 97 / 59 , 97 % on ra .
 the patient also was given iv acyclovir prior to presentation to hospital1 18 in case the patient ' s clinical picture represented ebv encephalitis .
 # id : possible sources of infection included pneumonia , vs rectovag fistual vs meningitis resulting in a septic picute .
 she was continued on antibiotics ( amp - sublactam and azithromycin ) and steroids , her anticoagulation was stopped , and she was also diuresed gently to keep steadily negative fluid balances .
 in ed , had a cxr read as pulonary edema vs . infiltrate .
 during that hospitalization she was admitted with concern for stemi , but had a cath with nonocclusive cad and only vasospasm .
 started on sepsis protocol and given total of 6 . 6 l ns .
 it is also possible that she had pulmonary edema in response to hypertension , as her sbp was 215 / 115 in the ed on admission .
 he received iv fluid boluses as needed at keep sbp > 90 . .
 she was started on mass transfusion protocol as well as levophed improving her bp to 120s .
 pt responded to iv fluids and her cr went down .
 bp ' s in the 80 ' s came up to 90 ' s with gentle bolus .
 53 yo w w / ms first name ( titles ) last name ( titles ) utis s / p hyponatremia and seizure .
 fen - nutrition he was closely monitered and underwent swallow test . . rehab he was seen by ot / pt who felt that the patient needed rehab .
 he was transferred to the floor prior to planned discharge after a pt evaluation .
 pt brought immediately to or for exploratory laparotomy , bolt , and trach .
 cardiac cath revealed severe 3 vd with preserved ef .
 recommend increasing atenolol dose if pt becomes hyertensive above goal bp after discharge .
 he received one dose of stress dose steroids in the ed .
 on arrival to the micu , patient ' s vs were 97 . 7 , hr 96 , bp 137 / 72 , rr 15 , 98 % ra .
 she was seen by toxicology who recommended iv nac and hepatology agreed .
 upon arrival the ed a chest ct was done which showed a marked distended gallbladder .
 he will be discharged on lasix 50 mg po bid and will receive 3 sessions of uf per week as an outpatient .
 later on op day he was weaned from sedation , awoke neurologically intact and extubated .
 known lastname 496 presented to ed via ambulance from group home for evaluation of abdominal pain w / n / v x 6 days .
 his ag increased to 21 , with a glucose of 300 , and he was transferred to the hospital unit name 153 .
 he had a stress test which showed inferolateral st changes .
 slight concern for adrenal insufficiency in setting of high doses of iv steroids .
 ent did not think this was operable and wanted to initiate radiation to help shrink the tumor and airway compromise .
 she was bacteremia on pressors at numerous points during her hospital course .
 patient was given 500cc ns , had basic labs ( no imaging ) .
 50 y / o f with no significant pmhx who is being admitted to the hospital unit name 153 for profuse vaginal bleeding with hypotension .
 pt will need to have pfts checked as an outpatient .
 she was started on levaquin / flagyl for possible pna yesterday and was evaluated by psych for ms changes and an eeg report is pending .
 patient was treated with ambisome with plans for tx for 1 - 2 weeks followed by itraconazole for at least a year .
 in the ed , the patient reported chest pain only with cough .
 he was subsequently started on a labetolol drip with bp decreasing slightly .
 the ed consulted cardiology , who were not surprised by the very mild trop elevation in the setting of likely seizure / tachycardia in a patient with known cad ; they recommended trending the troponin and ecg ( though not very useful with extensive conduction system disease ) and controling sbp < 140 and hr < 80 with iv mtp
 patient denies any hx of liver disease , blood transfusions , ivdu , or recent travel .
 patient was triggered for hypotension on arrival to sbp 70 ( baseline in 90s ) .
 # . cad : pt had elevated tn , in setting of severe bradycardia , hr 17 - 20s .
 with this finding , vascular surgery was consulted and she was taken to the operating room for a left femoral to popliteal to below - knee popliteal bypass .
 in the ed , initial vs were : t : 97 . 9 , p : 70 bp : 197 / 122 , rr : 14
 pt is a 85 yo male with severe cad s / p cabgx2 , bioprosthetic mvr , ischemic cm with ef 25 % who presents with worsening shortness of breath .
 in the ed , he was hemodynamically stable ( hypertensive ) and tachycardic to 100 ' s .
 additionally , she received chest pt and was started on inhaled steroids in setting of emphysema and persistent cough with sputum production .
 in , the ed , the patient received a total of 3l ns ; his hr responded to ivfs , so he was bolused again .
 ems found her unresponsive and brought her to the ed .
 she received bicarb / mucomyst pretreatment for cath and the ace was held .
 he initially required a labetalol drip to maintain sbp ' s under 180 but was weaned off of it in the context of restarting his home anti - hypertensive regimen .
 she passed a swallow evaluation and was evaluated by pt who recommended rehab .
 postoperative hct was low and she was transfused prbcs with good effect .
 known lastname last name ( titles ) 1834 a minimally invasive esophagectomy on 11 - 11 for high grade dysplasia of the esophagus with no evidence of metastatic disease , pathology confirmed barrett ' s esophagus with no malignancy .
 anal manometry study was performed 1 - 17 and found be normal with some hypersensitivity to balloon dilation .
 in the icu , his creatinine continued to trend down to 1 . 5 and iv fluids were subsequently held .
 vomited small amount of bright red blood in ed .
 pt returned to hospital1 18 for same day admission following his cath and discharge 1 week earlier .
 80 f with multiple medical problems , including cad , chf , pvd , dm2 , who presented with a near syncopal episode , fever , elevated wbc , some nausea today with poor po intake who was found to have gpc bacteremia and nstemi on 9 - 17 . .
 per the patient ' s pcp the ct was read as worrysome for bronchogenic carcinoma .
 he went to the ed and was deemed low risk for injury and was discharged home .
 he was weaned off levophed in the ed with stable bps in the 110s .
 in the ed , she had a rr in the 30 ' s , and she received albuterol nebs , heliox , and 3mg ativan .
 47 yo f with 1 week of uri treated with arithromycin , sent to er by pcp with rapid afib , subsequently had respiratory arrest and was intubated and sent to ccu .
 fast ultrasound exam performed by ed staff was thought by ed staff to be positive for hemoperitoneum .
 concentrated hydromorphone 20mg / ml was given and then she was transitioned from iv to po .
 admitted for iv albumin , antibiotics for possible rul pna seen on cxr , and fluid optimization .
 74 - year - old m with hx htn , papillary renal cell ca s / p resection ( partial nephrectomy and distal pancreatetomy with splenectomy for removal of possible mass , later presumed to represent chronic pancreatitis ) 2123 - 11 - 1 , extensive tobacco history , and remote history of migraine , presenting with headache and
 in the ed , the patient was tachycardic , hypoxic on ra on arrival .
 in the icu , cyclosporin levels were checked qam and cyclosporin was redosed if level < 100 as per bmt recs .
 when his vision did not return he went to the pcp where he was found to have his bp in the 200 ' s .
 54 yo male d / c ' d from hospital1 18 with dx of pneumonia on 9 - 10 returns 9 - 11 with report of shortness of breath , desaturation , and worsening pulmonary edema from osh and rehab .
 of note , bp spiked to 198 / 96 during this episode , but trended down to 160 ' s / 90 ' s .
 she has been treated with bowel regimen and enemas in the ed without great success .
 his initial ecg revealed st depression in i , avl , and v2 - v5 with afib , tn was . 33 ; afib has since resolved , st changes now read as non - specific .
 she received a total of 2 units prbcs during her stay , and responded well to these transfusions .
 at hospital1 location 620 , vs : t98 . 4 p44 rr18 bp181 / 74 and sao2 97 % .
 per id , given clinical improvement will continue with current regimen .
 a stereotactic biopsy was performed on 2 - 12 , and the patient failed to extubate due to respiratory distress and agitation .
 treatment was initiated with antibiotics ( ctx , levoquin ) for pna , and steroids for copd flare .
 after receiving the diazepam in the ed , he became calmer and more somnolent , possibly due to the librium starting to take effect .
